Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: I chose a German Shepherd image, after running it with the "sh run_models_batch_uploaded.sh" command line argument, all three model architectures accurately classified the image in Dog_01. 


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: After running the three model architectures, AlexNet and Vgg returned "malinois" as the breed for the inverted image. While Resnet accurately labelled the image in Dog_02 as a German Shepherd. So, only Resnet was accurate in classifying both Dog_01 and Dog_02.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: All three Model Architectures accurately classified the Animal images, in this case, "a cat/tiger cat". While for the coffee mug which I chose as the last image in the folder, The Vgg and Resnet Architectures classified it as a "Coffee mug", the Alexnet architecture was not so far off the mark and classified it as a "cup". 


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: Of all three model architectures, Resnet was the most accurate with a score of 100% for the questions asked above, even though VGG performed best in the testing for the check_images.py file. In addition to that, the time Resnet took to run the classification was the shortest (0.0.0 duration). Having said this, for the uploaded images, Resnet is the best model architecture.  
